update customer churn blog post (#133)
zenml-io/blog.zenml.io: _posts/2022-05-27-customer-churn.md

3. 🔐 Add your secret information like keys and passwords into the `values.tfvars.json` file which is not committed and only exists locally.

5. 🚀 Deploy the recipe with this simple command.

    ```
    zenml stack recipe deploy aws-minimal
    ```

    > **Note**
    > If you want to allow ZenML to automatically import the created resources as a ZenML stack, pass the `--import` flag to the command above. By default, the imported stack will have the same name as the stack recipe and you can provide your own with the `--stack-name` option.
    

6. You'll notice that a ZenML stack configuration file gets created after the previous command executes 🤯! This YAML file can be imported as a ZenML stack manually by running the following command.

    ```
    zenml stack import <stack-name> <path-to-the-created-stack-config-yaml>
    ```

> **Note**
>
>  You need to have your AWS credentials saved locally under ~/.aws/credentials

You can now skip directly to the [part of this guide where you define ZenML secrets](https://docs.zenml.io/advanced-guide/practical-mlops/secrets-management) for Seldon! 

#### Remote ZenML Server

> For Advanced use cases where we have a remote orchestrator such as Vertex AI
> or to share stacks and pipeline informations with team we need to have a seperated non local remote ZenML Server that it can be accessible from your
> machine as well as all stack components that may need access to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In advanced use cases, for example when you have a remote orchestrator (such as Vertex AI) or when you want to collaborate with a team, you need to set up a non-local remote ZenML server. This server acts as a central component that communicates with all other stack components.
```

> [Read more information about the use case here](https://docs.zenml.io/getting-started/deploying-zenml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the use cases [here](https://docs.zenml.io/getting-started/deploying-zenml).
```

> In order to acheive this there are two different ways to get access to a remote ZenML Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this there are two different ways to get access to a remote ZenML Server.
```

> 1. Deploy and manage the server manually on [your own cloud](https://docs.zenml.io/getting-started/deploying-zenml)/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy and manage the server manually on [your own cloud](https://docs.zenml.io/getting-started/deploying-zenml/).
```
